01 Almost dangerous things. The job training Great Lakes for part of damage
control. School centigrade lights for firefighters and way had
to learn. I personally want to go hot. You gotta fight a fire. I prefer
to be number 1000 to know what it's gonna take to know how long
I could take it. Something turned up there was going to do that. That's
about anything that was physically dangerous. Um, those times when
I had one of the aircraft crash on deck when I had a crash explosion
on deck without operation was a lot of shit on the last example.
Physically dangerous. Naoto, our connection from our to the ship blew
up on the second ship on that far had to be put out. Obviously it's
Charlie Fire Wade, isolate our fire out. So you see here normally
also bomb. It's exciting. Every now and again, it isn't dangerous.